CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    how_to_use_numpy.py

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    Although dictionaries are extremely efficient and provide quick resaults it is not always possible to use one. 
    I have seen numpy used in stackoverflow but do not know how to use it. looking though a numpy list much faster than a for in loop with a normal list.
    I wiould like to demenstrate the speed of numpy over normal list.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
   I'm hoping to learn how numpy works I will create a program
    that will help explain how it works via comments in my code and a small demo. 

4. What Python modules will your program use?
    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    os, numpy, csv and, requests


5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    I need a fucntion to
        main
        request data from website
        put data into list
        put data into numpy list
        get time to run program 
          



6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

    test the changed data 
    test the read file

